Welcome to Munich here
our press event today is my name
olaf borngräber i am a product manager
for the desktop pcs as in the home acer
I have you our newest today
brought product from the ego family
the revolver an extremely small mini pc
that does not look like a pc
really a living room we assist
We are here in a furniture store
we have one here
Scenario built where I am on the couch
The device fits in perfectly here
a man would not believe that
is a pc but here somehow
assessor what to look for in this furniture store
but it can be acquired
full-fledged pc extremely powerful
would be here from a cdu range of
celeron up to a broadway circle
Do you want eight gigabytes of RAM
and the clou what the device really is
unique is the possibility
up to 3 times 2 terabytes
hard drive storage to obstruct
optionally up to three ssds for that
device has three slots for one
hard disk of which even two pieces
simply without tools via easy swap
can be exchanged
the broadway platform offers us the
possibility the device even in raid 0 1
or 5 to configure so we have
Here is a full-fledged multimedia PC
on windows basis even a nas
Functionality brings price start
we with the zellerau variant at 269
euro and up almost no
borders at 899 euros in the absolute
after equipment with three nas
hard drives eight gigabytes
main memory and a circular
virtually the portfolio available
except all all expensive variant
the next month on the market
there are all other configurations
already available in stores